docs: refactoring the proof market documentation (#67)
NilFoundation/proof-market-toolchain: gitbook-docs/guides/environment-setup.md

---
description: Environment setup for the Proof Market CLI
---

# Environment Setup

This guide describes how to set up packages/libraries, required to interact with the Proof Market, through the command line.

## Dependencies

The required dependencies for \*nix systems can be installed via the following command:

```shell
sudo apt install build-essential libssl-dev cmake clang-12 git autoconf libc-ares-dev libfmt-dev gnutls-dev liblz4-dev libprotobuf-dev libyaml-cpp-dev libhwloc-dev pkg-config xfslibs-dev systemtap-sdt-dev
```

### Boost

> [Boost](https://www.boost.org) can be installed either manually or from the distributive's repository. Please ensure you are installing *version 1.76*. You can get it from the boost's [version history](https://www.boost.org/users/history/version_1_76_0.html).

Reviewer: Please is used when users have to do something because of our failure.

```suggestion
[Boost](https://www.boost.org) can be installed either manually or from the distributive's repository.
Make sure you are installing *version 1.76*.
You can get it from the Boost's [version history](https://www.boost.org/users/history/version_1_76_0.html).
```

---
description: Environment setup for the Proof Market CLI
---

# Environment Setup

This guide describes how to set up packages/libraries required to interact
with the Proof Market through the command line.

## Dependencies

> On *nix systems, the following dependencies need to be installed:

Author: ```suggestion
On \*nix systems, the following dependencies need to be present:
```
